AWS CLI (v2) instructions (#8)
teamookla/ookla-open-data: README.md

### Access via S3

> The performance datasets are available via Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) at the `s3://ookla-open-data` bucket, where individual Parquets and compressed Shapefiles are organized by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance datasets are available via [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) at the `s3://ookla-open-data` bucket, where individual [Parquet](https://parquet.apache.org/) time series and compressed Shapefiles are organized by
```

Is there a good link to use for shapefile reference?

1. file format (`shapefiles` or `parquet`)
2. service type (`fixed` or `mobile`)
3. year (`2020`)

> 4. quarter (for example, `1` corresponds to the period starting `2020-01-01`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. quarter (for example, `1` corresponds to the Q1 period starting `2020-01-01`)
```

* `s3://ookla-open-data/parquet/performance/type=mobile/year=2020/quarter=1/2020-01-01_performance_mobile_tiles.parquet`
* `s3://ookla-open-data/parquet/performance/type=fixed/year=2020/quarter=1/2020-01-01_performance_fixed_tiles.parquet`

> Using the key names for the file format, type, year, quarter, and data layer, one can specify the desired dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this is explained pretty well above with the numbered list and example(s).

### Download via URL

Files can also be downloaded directly by clicking on the following URLs:

Esri Shapefiles:

* https://ookla-open-data.s3.amazonaws.com/shapefiles/performance/type=mobile/year=2020/quarter=1/2020-01-01_performance_mobile_tiles.zip
* https://ookla-open-data.s3.amazonaws.com/shapefiles/performance/type=fixed/year=2020/quarter=1/2020-01-01_performance_fixed_tiles.zip

Apache Parquet:

* https://ookla-open-data.s3.amazonaws.com/parquet/performance/type=mobile/year=2020/quarter=1/2020-01-01_performance_mobile_tiles.parquet
* https://ookla-open-data.s3.amazonaws.com/parquet/performance/type=fixed/year=2020/quarter=1/2020-01-01_performance_fixed_tiles.parquet

### Download via CLI

S3 objects can also be downloaded via the AWS CLI. See these instructions for [installing AWS CLI v2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html).  

> Based on the object key names described above, the following bash script downloads compressed shapefiles for fixed performance tiles aggregated over the first calendar year quarter of 2020 using the [aws s3 cp](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/s3/cp.html) command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the object keys described above, the following bash script downloads a shapefile (`2020-01-01_performance_fixed_tiles.zip`) for fixed performance tiles aggregated over Q1 2020 using [aws s3 cp](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/s3/cp.html).
```

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash
export FORMAT='shapefiles' # (shapefiles|parquet)
export TYPE='fixed'        # (fixed|mobile)
export YYYY='2020'         # 2020
export Q='1'               # 1,2,3 (to date)

aws s3 cp s3://ookla-open-data/${FORMAT}/performance/type=${TYPE}/year=${YYYY}/quarter=${Q}/ . \
--recursive \
--no-sign-request
```

> In this example, we pass the `--recursive` option to the AWS S3 copy command to download the compressed shapefiles located at the S3 URI defined by service type, year, and quarter. The filename corresponds to the start date of the quarter and the network service type: `2020-01-01_performance_fixed_tiles.zip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This seems redundant. I edited the text above to include the expected filename.

> To download the mobile and fixed datasets in parquet format for 2020 Q3, we can also specify the full S3 URI path to download the objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download the 2020 Q3 mobile and fixed time series datasets, we can also specify the full S3 URI to download the objects:
```

``` bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

# Mobile 2020 Q3
aws s3 cp s3://ookla-open-data/parquet/performance/type=mobile/year=2020/quarter=3/2020-07-01_performance_mobile_tiles.parquet --no-sign-request

# Fixed 2020 Q3
aws s3 cp s3://ookla-open-data/parquet/performance/type=fixed/year=2020/quarter=3/2020-07-01_performance_fixed_tiles.parquet --no-sign-request
```

> AWS accounts within an organization may have restrictions on accessing external resources via CLI. We've therefore included the  `--no-sign-request` flag in the examples above, which allows us to copy S3 objects locally using public requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
